src/friends/how-to.md, before:

# How to use Friends
The Friends tab allows you to see clears of other players who also use *arcdps clears*.

To get started, go to the `Friends` tab and click `Enable Friends`. This will submit
subtokens to the friends server (you can check which of your API data is
shared on the [privacy](./privacy.md) page).

## Adding friends
First, to add a friend, your friend must make their clears accessible to you.
This can be done by setting their clears to public, or by adding you as a friend.

The `Friends` tab has a button that opens the friend list, where you may add
a friend by typing their account name. A new row will be added to the friend
list. In case the last column shows `not known`, they are either not using
*arcdps clears*, or they have not shared their clears with you. Make sure you
haven't made any typos in their name, and don't forget the number part of their
name.

*In case there is no number part in an account name (this is very rare), try
adding .0000 to their name.*

## Sharing your clears
You can configure how your clears are shared for each API key in the GW2 API
key management window.

You can open the management window by clicking the `Share clears` button in the
`Friends` tab or you can use the `Manage GW2 API keys` button in the settings.

After selecting an API key in the management window, you can change the
settings in the `Friends` tab in the right pane.
There are two subtoken sharing settings:
- *Everyone* – anyone may request your clear data (everyone is your friend),
- *Friends only* – only players you select get access to your clear data.

You can configure the list of friends for the *Friends only* option after you
select it. If you keep it empty, your clears will be private.

## Reordering, hiding, and removing friends
The `Friends` button in the `Friends` tab opens a list of friends, where you may:
- reorder friends by using the arrows in the first column,
- hide friends by toggling the checkbox in the `Shown column`,
- remove friends by clicking the `Remove` button.

The last column may show special notes about the friends. The most notable note
is `not known`, which indicates that the account name is unknown, or the owner
of the account hasn't shared their clears with you.

## Styling
The `Friends` tab has separate style settings from the `My clears` tab. It
defaults to the single-line table layout as there may be many friends. As with
`My clears`, you can right-click the window to edit the style settings.

Commit message:

Add the "do not share" privacy option

src/friends/how-to.md, after:

# How to use Friends
The Friends tab allows you to see clears of other players who also use *arcdps clears*.

To get started, go to the `Friends` tab and click `Enable Friends`. This will submit
subtokens to the friends server (you can check which of your API data is
shared on the [privacy](./privacy.md) page).

## Adding friends
First, to add a friend, your friend must make their clears accessible to you.
This can be done by setting their clears to public, or by adding you as a friend.

The `Friends` tab has a button that opens the friend list, where you may add
a friend by typing their account name. A new row will be added to the friend
list. In case the last column shows `not known`, they are either not using
*arcdps clears*, or they have not shared their clears with you. Make sure you
haven't made any typos in their name, and don't forget the number part of their
name.

*In case there is no number part in an account name (this is very rare), try
adding .0000 to their name.*

## Sharing your clears
You can configure how your clears are shared for each API key in the GW2 API
key management window.

You can open the management window by clicking the `Share clears` button in the
`Friends` tab or you can use the `Manage GW2 API keys` button in the settings.

After selecting an API key in the management window, you can change the
settings in the `Friends` tab in the right pane.
There are three subtoken sharing settings:
- *Everyone* – anyone may request your clear data (everyone is your friend),
- *Friends only* – only players you select get access to your clear data,
- *Do not share* – nobody has access to your clear data.

## Reordering, hiding, and removing friends
The `Friends` button in the `Friends` tab opens a list of friends, where you may:
- reorder friends by using the arrows in the first column,
- hide friends by toggling the checkbox in the `Shown column`,
- remove friends by clicking the `Remove` button.

The last column may show special notes about the friends. The most notable note
is `not known`, which indicates that the account name is unknown, or the owner
of the account hasn't shared their clears with you.

## Styling
The `Friends` tab has separate style settings from the `My clears` tab. It
defaults to the single-line table layout as there may be many friends. As with
`My clears`, you can right-click the window to edit the style settings.
